Kinesis docs update (#2685)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/amazon-cloudwatch-logs/collect-with-cloudformation-template-with-secured-sumoendpoint.md

## Step 1: Add a Hosted Collector and HTTP Source

1. Configure a [Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).
1. Configure an [HTTP Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/logs-metrics).

:::important
When you configure the HTTP Source, make sure to save the HTTP Source Address URL. You will need this to configure the Lambda Function.  
:::

## Step 2: Create a SecureString Parameter

You can create the parameter via AWS CLI or via Console.

If you're using the AWS CLI, run the below command:

```json
aws ssm put-parameter --region us-east-1 --cli-input-json '{
  "Name": "SUMO_ENDPOINT",
  "Value": \<Paste the endpoint of the HTTP source created in step >",
  "Type": "SecureString"
}'
```

:::note
The above command uses the default AWS Managed Key. If you want to use Customer Managed CMK, refer to [Create a SecureString parameter using a customer managed CMK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-securestring.html#sysman-param-defaultkms).
:::

If you're using the AWS Console, do the following:

1. Go to https://console.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/parameters.

>    * **Name**. SUMO_ENDPOINT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Name**. `SUMO_ENDPOINT`.
```

>    * **Name**. SUMO_ENDPOINT
>    * **Tier**. Standard
>    * **Type**. Select SecureString

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Name**. SUMO_ENDPOINT.
   * **Tier**. Standard.
   * **Type**. Select SecureString.
```

---

> id: collect-with-cloudformation-template-with-secured-sumoendpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: collect-with-cloudformation-template-with-secured-sumo-endpoint
```

title: Collect Amazon CloudWatch Logs using a CloudFormation Template with Secured Endpoint
sidebar_label: Collect Logs using CloudFormation with Secured Endpoint
description: Learn how to collect Amazon CloudWatch Logs using a CloudFormation template with secured Sumo EndPoint.
---

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::note
```

We strongly recommend the alternative collection process described on [AWS Kinesis Firehose for Logs Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/aws-kinesis-firehose-logs-source/), which is more robust and reliable, where you do not need to manage resources. Lambda based collection methods are limited by time out, concurrency, and memory limits.
:::

> This method is similar to [Collect CloudWatch Logs using a CloudFormation Template](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/amazon-cloudwatch-logs/collect-with-cloudformation-template) the only difference is that this method stores the Sumo Logic Endpoint securely in system manager.

Reviewer: I don't think **Endpoint** needs to be capitalized unless it's like that in the UI

Author: Yes @kimsauce, it should not be capitalised. I will update it.

> To collect Amazon CloudWatch Logs using a CloudFormation template with secured Sumo Logic EndPoint, follow the below instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect Amazon CloudWatch Logs using a CloudFormation template with secured Sumo Logic Endpoint, follow the below instructions.
```

## Step 1: Add a Hosted Collector and HTTP Source

1. Configure a [Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).
1. Configure an [HTTP Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/logs-metrics).

:::important
When you configure the HTTP Source, make sure to save the HTTP Source Address URL. You will need this to configure the Lambda Function.  
:::

## Step 2: Create a SecureString Parameter

You can create the parameter via AWS CLI or via Console.

> If you are using AWS CLI then use the below command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the AWS CLI, run the below command:
```

```json
aws ssm put-parameter --region us-east-1 --cli-input-json '{
  "Name": "SUMO_ENDPOINT",
  "Value": \<Paste the endpoint of the HTTP source created in step >",
  "Type": "SecureString"
}'
```

:::note

> The above command uses the default AWS Managed Key. If you want to use Customer Managed CMK, refer [Create a SecureString parameter using a customer managed CMK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-securestring.html#sysman-param-defaultkms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command uses the default AWS Managed Key. If you want to use Customer Managed CMK, refer to [Create a SecureString parameter using a customer managed CMK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-securestring.html#sysman-param-defaultkms).
```

:::

> If you're using AWS Console do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the AWS Console, do the following:
```

> 
> 1. Go to https://console.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/parameters.
> 
>    * **Name.** SUMO_ENDPOINT
>    * **Tier.** Standard
>    * **Type.** Select SecureString
>    * **KMS Key Source.** Select the KMS Key ID or you can use the default KMS key.
>    * **Value.** Paste the value of the SUMO_ENDPOINT_URL copied while creating the HTTP source.
> 
> 1. Click **Create Parameter.**
> 
> ![Create_SecureString_Parameter.png](/img/send-data/Create_SecureString_Parameter.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Go to https://console.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/parameters.
   * **Name**. SUMO_ENDPOINT
   * **Tier**. Standard
   * **Type**. Select SecureString
   * **KMS Key Source**. Select the KMS Key ID or use the default KMS key.
   * **Value**. Paste the value of the SUMO_ENDPOINT_URL copied while creating the HTTP source.
1. Click **Create Parameter**.<br/> ![Create_SecureString_Parameter.png](/img/send-data/Create_SecureString_Parameter.png)
```

:::note
You can verify whether the parameter is created successfully by going to https://console.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/parameters/?region=us-east-1&tab=Table and looking for parameter `SUMO_ENDPOINT`.
:::

#### Get the KMS Key ID

> Follow the steps in this [document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/find-cmk-id-arn.html) to get the Key ID used to encrypt/decrypt the parameter created earlier. If you're using default AWS Managed Key the Key ID should be corresponding to the alias value [aws/ssm](https://console.aws.amazon.com/kms/home?region=us-east-1#/kms/defaultKeys/629673c1-9f21-4c2d-bf75-19617579c558/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps in this [document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/find-cmk-id-arn.html) to get the Key ID used to encrypt/decrypt the parameter created earlier. If you're using the default AWS Managed Key, the Key ID should correspond to the alias value [aws/ssm](https://console.aws.amazon.com/kms/home?region=us-east-1#/kms/defaultKeys/629673c1-9f21-4c2d-bf75-19617579c558/). 
```

    :::note
    LogStreamPrefix field does not accept special characters (`[|\{}()[\]^$+*?.-]`). For example, you can use the comma-separated list like test-name, test-logs as the LogStream name prefixes.
    :::

   * **NumOfWorkers.** (Optional) Increase this value to speed up the dead letter queue (DLQ) processing.
   * **SumoURLDecryptKeyID.** (Required) Enter the Key ID copied from “Get the KMS Key ID” step.

    ![Create_Stack_on_AWS_4.png](/img/send-data/Create_Stack_on_AWS_4.png)

1. Click **Next**. The **Configure Stack Options** screen will appear. You can optionally add AWS tags to tag the resources created by this Cloudformation stack. Click **Next** to get to the final **Review** window.

1. In the **Review** window, click the checkbox acknowledging that you understand the template creates IAM resources, and click **Create**.

After a few minutes, you will see CREATE_COMPLETE in the Status column.

:::important

> If you're using an existing log group or if you don’t want to send logs to the default group **SumoCWLogGroup** then you must do one of the following:  [Manually subscribe the **SumoCWLogsLambda** to an existing CloudWatch Log Group](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/amazon-cloudwatch-logs), create a [subscription filter](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/Subscriptions.html) manually, or [Auto-Subscribe AWS Log Groups to a Lambda Function](../autosubscribe-arn-destination.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using an existing log group or if you don’t want to send logs to the default group **SumoCWLogGroup**, you must do one of the following: [Manually subscribe the **SumoCWLogsLambda** to an existing CloudWatch Log Group](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/amazon-cloudwatch-logs), create a [subscription filter](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/Subscriptions.html) manually, or [Auto-Subscribe AWS Log Groups to a Lambda Function](../autosubscribe-arn-destination.md).
```

:::

## Step 6: Validate email address for alarms

For instructions, follow [Step 5](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/amazon-cloudwatch-logs/collect-with-cloudformation-template/#step-5-validate-email-address-for-alarms) in the Collect CloudWatch Logs using a CloudFormation Template page.

> ## Step 7:  Subscribe SumoCWLogsLambda to CloudWatch Log Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 7: Subscribe SumoCWLogsLambda to CloudWatch Log Groups
```
